README.md, before:

# Functional Programming with Non-Functional Languages
This repository demonstrates the implementation of constructs known from functional languages
in non-functional languages, namely
* **C++** ([borrowing](./cpp/src/unique_ptr.cpp), [lambda](./cpp/src/lambda.cpp))
* **Go** ([closure](./golang/src/closure.go), [currying](./golang/src/currying.go))
* **Java** ([1st class function](./java/src/Function.java), [algebraic data type](./java/src/Algebraic.java), [lambda](./java/src/Lambda.java), [closure](./java/src/Closure.java), [lazy evaluation](./java/src/Lazy.java)) 
* **JavaScript** ([lambda](./node/src/lambda.js), [closure](./node/src/closure.js), [currying](./node/src/currying.js), [lazy evaluation](./node/src/lazy.js))
* **Kotlin** ([lambda](./kotlin/src/Lambda.kt), [closure](./kotlin/src/Closure.kt), [currying](./kotlin/src/Currying.kt))
* **Python** ([closure](./python/src/closure.py))
* **Rust** ([borrowing](./rust/src/borrowing.rs), [closure](./rust/src/closure.rs), [currying](./rust/src/currying.rs))

For reference, there are also implementations with
* **Haskell** ([closure](./haskell/src/Closure.hs), [currying](./haskell/src/Currying.hs))

Commit message:

Added link to Medium article

README.md, after:

# Functional Programming with Non-Functional Languages
This repository contains all the code samples of my Medium article
[Functional Programming with Non-Functional Languages](https://medium.com/p/4e895c2dfe04).
It demonstrates the implementation of constructs known from functional languages
in non-functional languages, namely
* **C++** ([borrowing](./cpp/src/unique_ptr.cpp), [lambda](./cpp/src/lambda.cpp))
* **Go** ([closure](./golang/src/closure.go), [currying](./golang/src/currying.go))
* **Java** ([1st class function](./java/src/Function.java), [algebraic data type](./java/src/Algebraic.java), [lambda](./java/src/Lambda.java), [closure](./java/src/Closure.java), [lazy evaluation](./java/src/Lazy.java)) 
* **JavaScript** ([lambda](./node/src/lambda.js), [closure](./node/src/closure.js), [currying](./node/src/currying.js), [lazy evaluation](./node/src/lazy.js))
* **Kotlin** ([lambda](./kotlin/src/Lambda.kt), [closure](./kotlin/src/Closure.kt), [currying](./kotlin/src/Currying.kt))
* **Python** ([closure](./python/src/closure.py))
* **Rust** ([borrowing](./rust/src/borrowing.rs), [closure](./rust/src/closure.rs), [currying](./rust/src/currying.rs))

For reference, there are also implementations with
* **Haskell** ([closure](./haskell/src/Closure.hs), [currying](./haskell/src/Currying.hs))
